Link to Python version 3 docs (#101647)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cosmos-db/local-emulator-export-ssl-certificates.md

## Use the certificate with Python apps

> When connecting to the emulator from Python apps, TLS verification is disabled. By default the [Python SDK(version 2.0.0 or higher)](nosql/sdk-python.md) for the API for NoSQL will not try to use the TLS/SSL certificate when connecting to the local emulator. If however you want to use TLS validation, you can follow the examples in the [Python socket wrappers](https://docs.python.org/3/library/ssl.html) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When connecting to the emulator from Python apps, TLS verification is disabled. By default the [Python SDK](nosql/quickstart-python.md) for the API for NoSQL will not try to use the TLS/SSL certificate when connecting to the local emulator. If however you want to use TLS validation, you can follow the examples in the [Python socket wrappers](https://docs.python.org/3/library/ssl.html) documentation.
```

Per <https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cosmos-db/nosql/quickstart-python>, this should be updated to just say Python SDK without a version number since it supports 3.7+.

Author: Suggestion added!
